CSS Font Loading API fixes - FF104 (#19990)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fontfaceset/index.md

---
{{APIRef("CSS Font Loading API")}}

The **`FontFaceSet`** interface of the [CSS Font Loading API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS_Font_Loading_API) manages the loading of font-faces and querying of their download status.

> It is available as {{domxref("Document.fonts")}}, or `self.fonts` in [web workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is available as {{domxref("Document.fonts")}}, or `self.fonts` in [web workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API).
```
